18.0 import data into odoo emmi (#11675)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/essentials/export_import_data.rst

- :download:`Customers and their respective contacts
  <export_import_data/o2m_customers_contacts.csv>`

Import image files
------------------

> Import image files through the :guilabel:`Files to import` section, along with the
> :ref:`uploaded <essentials/export_import_data/get-started>` CSV or Excel file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import image files through the :guilabel:`Files to import` section, along with the
:ref:`uploaded <essentials/export_import_data/get-started>` CSV or Excel file, follow these steps:
```
I find this wording a bit more appropriate for an introduction (especially since this is the only sentence under the heading and before the list)

> #. Add the image file names to the relevant column in the data file.

Reviewer: maybe we should mention *which* column? (cf your note)
```suggestion
#. Add the image file names to the relevant :guilabel:`Image` column in the data file.
```

> #. :ref:`Upload the data file <essentials/export_import_data/get-started>` or reload by
>    clicking :guilabel:`Load Data File`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. :ref:`Upload the data file <essentials/export_import_data/get-started>` or reload it by
   clicking :guilabel:`Load Data File`.
```

#. Click :guilabel:`Upload your files` under the :guilabel:`Files to import` section.
#. Select the relevant image files. The number of files selected appears next to the button.

> #. Do not map the :guilabel:`Product Type` file column in the Odoo field.

Reviewer: I would still mention *why* we don't recommend doing that so people understand (and are more likely *not* to do it IMO)

Author: We can get rid of n°5, it's no longer needed, as the n°1 is self explanatory. Just talked with Cédric (cth) about it.

#. Click :guilabel:`Test` to verify that all data is valid.
#. Click :guilabel:`Import`. During the import process, Odoo performs a file check to automatically
   link the uploaded images to the imported data file. If there is no match, the data file is
   imported without any image.

.. note::
   - The :guilabel:`Files to import` section is enabled if your product template has an
     :guilabel:`Image` column with all fields populated.

>    - The image file names in your product template have to correspond to the uploaded images files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The image file names in the data file must correspond to the uploaded images files.
```

>    - In :doc:`debug mode <../general/developer_mode>`, the :guilabel:`Max size per batch` and the
>      :guilabel:`Delay after each batch` options are enabled, and can be filled in under the
>      :guilabel:`Files to import` section. This allows to define the number of megabytes to import
>      and the delay added to prevent overwhelming the system. By default, the delay meets the
>      RPC/API calls limit defined in the `Odoo Cloud - Acceptable Use Policy
>      <https://www.odoo.com/acceptable-use>`_.

Reviewer: I would start with the purpose and then explain how to do it?
```suggestion
   - When importing large numbers of images, you can define the number of megabytes to import
     and the delay added to prevent overwhelming the system. To do so, :doc:`enable the developer mode <../general/developer_mode>` and fill in the :guilabel:`Max size per batch` and the
     :guilabel:`Delay after each batch` fields in the :guilabel:`Files to import` section. By default, the delay meets the
     RPC/API calls limit defined in the `Odoo Cloud - Acceptable Use Policy <https://www.odoo.com/acceptable-use>`_.
```
Also, what do we mean by "batch" here? how does it work exactly?

Author: It's about "batch import", when you select multiple images = batch
![2025-01-10_08-47](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f7ea2ab8-3e8d-4dc3-876a-65024728d9bf)
